## c# hw ch13  
#### author: nick terry  
#### date: mar 30, 2018  

1. An interface is like a class but it only hold methods.

2. You define an interface by using the interface keyword instead of class, and dont use access modifiers on the methods.  

3. An interface cant have anything other than methods, so no.  

4. You define a method in an interface by no access modifiers and just a semicolon instead of a method body.  

5. You can instantiate an interface object like this ILandBound iMyHorse = myHorse; But not like Horse myHorse = iMyHorse. Because 
the horse class inherits from the ihorse interface but you would need casting to make the opposite work. 

6. You cant declare a reference to an interface using the new keyword. 

7. An object can inherit multiple interfaces and a class can inherit from infinate interfaces by seperating the interfaces by commas when declaring it. 

8. Explicitly implimenting an interface means calling the entire path for example int ILandBound.NumberOfLegs(); 

9. Restrictions are:  
	Cant define any fields in an interface not even as static fields.
	Not allowed to define any constructors in an interface.
	Not allowed to define a destructor in an interface.
	Cant specify access modifier for any method.
	Cant nest any types.
	Interfaces arent allowed to inherit from one another.  
	
10. The difference between abstract and interface is an abstract class can inherit variables and methods, interfaces are just inheriting methods. 

11. An abstract method is only allowed to be used for objects inherited from that class. You cant create instances of that class, its only used for inheriting.

12. A sealed class cant be inherited from any other classes and can only be instantiated.

13. A sealed method can only be used by objects of that class, not even objects that inherit from that class can use it.