## c# homework ch. 15  
#### author: nick terry
#### date: apr 4, 2018  

1. The difference between a property and a field is a property acts like a method. 

2. The difference between a property and a method is a property looks like a field.  

3. Encapsulation is keeping all fields private to prevent errors but allowing public variable values to be passed to them using properties.  

4. It is but if theres an error it might make it harder to find. Also it makes the program more confusing and error prone. If you ever want to transfer the code to other languages it will be more difficult. 

5. You might want it read only if you are working with static values and dont want it to be overwritten by the user. You could make it write only if there was no need for the 
user to see the underlying values when you do some kind of math to it. Kind of like the Math.Pow() method.

6. You could make getters and setters both private if you only want to have any kind of access to them inside the current class. Getters and Setters should never be private 
because it doesnt properly represent the function of the code and you could do a better job using methods instead. 

7. You cant use ref or out  
	You cant use more than one get and one set accessor  
	You cant declare properties using const  
	get and set cant take any parameters  
	You cant assign a value through a property of a structure before its been initialized.  
	
8. An object initializer is initializing an object by using default values provided in the constructor fields along with any values you want to pass it. Its syntax is 
ClassName ex = new ClassName { fieldvar1 = 10 }; // optional second or more fields left out because they have fall back default values.